README.md, before:

## Basics
LINQ is implemented in two different ways:
 - Extension methods (they are actually called operators).
 - Query expression syntax: SQL-like syntax directly embedded into C#.
 
 LINQ operators are higher-order functions:
 - Functions taking functions e.g: Func<T, bool>
 
 LINQ operators present a fluent interface
 - Calls can be chained Where().Select().ToList()

IEnumerable<T>

All collection types (List,Dictionary, array, etc.) implement this interface.
LINQ operators which are implemented as extension methods on IEnumerable<T>, taking Func<> arguments are named
LINQ to objects and used for in-memory objects.
    
LINQ operators which are implemented as extension methods on IQueryable<T>, taking Expression<> arguments are named
LINQ to entities and used for database and remote connections.

Enumerable: IEnumerable - class which contains LINQ extension method definitions.

## Immediate vs deffered
Some operators are immediate:
 - They iterate the entire collection as soon as they are invoked (example: Count(), ToArray())
 Some operators are deferred:
 - Calculation will only happen when you iterate the collection (example: Select())
 - Deferred operations can be:
    - Streaming - do not have to read all data before elements are yielded
    - Non-streaming - must read all source data before they yield an element

Commit message:

Changed the code structure Added new solution for the deeper dive into linq by reimplementing them using TDD

README.md, after:

# Introduction 
The LINQ repository was created with the purpose of deeping dive more into LINQ (hah, really?), TDD and better unit testing approaches.
Despite, it is just my learning process and some topics can be very ligth and easy to get into, I will try to find some cool approaches
and new features which you hopefully have not face yet.

From start, I will try to maintain most common code conventions, right TDD and many other necessary things like code documentation (even if sometimes
it can look for you like it is definitely too much, sorry for that), etc. One note, I will ommit git flow mostly here, due to lazyness, please forgive :)

Anyway, try to have fun to look into code and critique it!

# Inspiration
Here are some great readmes that use this format and speak to all three audiences, for reference and inspiration:
- [guidelines](https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/docs/git/create-a-readme).
- [ASP.NET Core](https://github.com/aspnet/Home)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode)
- [Chakra Core](https://github.com/Microsoft/ChakraCore)
